docs: add a section on pebble check refresh (#588)
canonical/pebble: docs/reference/health-checks.md

When a check is stopped, the active `perform-check` or `recover-check` change is aborted. When a stopped (inactive) check is started, a new `perform-check` change is created for the check.

## Testing a check

> You can run a check immediately and get the result in YAML format using the `pebble check <name> --refresh` command, which is helpful when developing, testing and debugging a check. For example:

Reviewer: A couple of minor suggestions for readability:

```suggestion
You can run a check immediately using the `pebble check <name> --refresh` command, which is helpful when developing, testing, and debugging a check. The result of the check is in YAML format. For example:
```

```{code-block} bash
$ pebble check chk1 --refresh
name: chk1
startup: enabled
status: up
failures: 0
threshold: 3
change-id: "1"
```

> If running the check fails, it will also show the error and logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If running the check fails, the result will also show the error and logs:
```

```{code-block} bash
:emphasize-lines: 8-10

$ pebble check chk1 --refresh
name: chk1
startup: enabled
status: up
failures: 1
threshold: 3
change-id: "1"
error: non-2xx status code 500; Health check failed
logs: |
    2025-03-13T10:05:45+08:00 ERROR non-2xx status code 500; Health check failed
```

> You can run a check even if it's inactive (for example, `startup: disabled`, or stopped by [`pebble stop-checks`](#reference_health_checks_start_stop_command). This will only run the check immediately but won't start the check. If running a stopped check fails, it will not change the status or the failures count; it will only show the error but no logs:

Reviewer: Some suggestions for readability:

```suggestion
You can run a check even if it's inactive (for example, if the check has `startup: disabled` or was stopped by [`pebble stop-checks`](#reference_health_checks_start_stop_command)). This will run the check immediately but won't start the check. If running a stopped check fails, Pebble won't change the status or the failure count, and the result won't include logs:
```

```{code-block} bash
:emphasize-lines: 4,5,7

$ pebble check chk1 --refresh
name: chk1
startup: disabled
status: inactive
failures: 0
threshold: 3
error: non-2xx status code 500; Health check failed
```

> Without the optional `--refresh` flag, you can use the command `pebble check <name>` to get the details of a check in YAML format without running it, and if the check has failed previously, it will also show logs from the task that ran the check:

Reviewer: Small suggestions for readability:

```suggestion
Without the `--refresh` flag, `pebble check <name>` gets the details of a check without running the check. If the check has failed previously, the result will show logs from the task that ran the check. For example:
```

```{code-block} bash

> :emphasize-lines: 8,9

Reviewer: I don't feel the highlighting is needed on this one, as we're not comparing against anything else, and the logging is not the only think we're demonstrating here - we're demonstrating the whole of `pebble check chk1`.

```suggestion
```
